# Design and Development

The Frontend Mentor challenge I decided to do is the [Customer Testimonials Challenge](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/testimonials-grid-section-Nnw6J7Un7) as we've already briefly covered it in class. I already had a base to work with, and in my head, all I needed to do was implement bootstrap elements to it. However, I did not think Bootstrap would take everything I knew about CSS and destroy it and mend it back together with Elmer's glue. As far as I'm concerned, I prefer to just stick with custom CSS coding as using Bootstrap forced me to resort to in-line styling instead of using the CSS sheet I've already created. How come it'll respond to in-line styling, but not show the background color nor padding when I coded it in the stylesheet? I am not so sure myself! Anyways, my approach to completing this assignment was creating the skeletons for each grid box. This way, I'd have a base to work off of. I've also essentially created two grids. One of them is the four smaller boxes on the left, and then the other is that one long one on the right to ensure accuracy to the preview. I find that doing it this way was the easiest to recreate the grid. After that, it was just resizing the smaller grid boxes on the left. The wider ones took up 8 columns on larger screens and the smaller ones took 4. After having the grid come together, it was just custom CSS at that point.
<br>
- **Challenges you encountered during the project.**
  - My biggest challenge was splitting up the bento grid. How would I even approach it? I've been told it was easier to chop the grid into smaller sections, so I did. In my head, I chopped the grid into four columns, but it simply just didn't make sense in my head to do that. But then I realized the grid was actually already sectioned really well. I could already make a grid with the four grid boxes on the left, and the longer grid container as its own. Doing this actually made sectioning the grid a lot more manageable and obtainable. Another challenge was simply just styling. Why wasn't `body { background-color: var(--light-blue);}` showing up on my webpage? To this day, I am still not sure. I had to switched to in-line styling to actually change the background color and even change the padding of each container since I couldn't get the results I wanted with Bootstrap padding.
- **Your approach to solving these challenges.**
  - (Oh, I suppose I already answered this.)
- **Improvements you would make if given more time.**
  - If I was given more time, I'd probably make the styling look a lot more accurate to what the preview is. I'd change the `box-shadow` more and the spacings between the boxes. It seems they're a little too close to each other compared to the preview, but I was so distracted with my mind melting over Bootstrap that I couldn't really focus on the little detailing.
